AI #1336: Refactor entity name references and usage (#1567)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/cost_and_usage/columns/allocatedmethodid.md

# Allocated Method ID

Allocated Method ID is the unique identifier for the [allocated method](#glossary:allocated-method) defined by the service provider which was used for the [Data Generator-Calculated Split Cost Allocation](#datagenerator-calculatedsplitcosthandling). This unique identifier can be used to find how the [allocated charge](#glossary:allocated-charge) was calculated in the provider's documentation.

The AllocatedMethodId column adheres to the following requirements:

> * AllocatedMethodId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the servie provider supports data generator-calculated split cost allocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AllocatedMethodId MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset) when the data generator supports data generator-calculated split cost allocation.
```

* AllocatedMethodId MUST be of type String.
* AllocatedMethodId MUST conform to [StringHandling](#stringhandling) requirements.
* AllocatedMethodId nullability is defined as follows:
  * AllocatedMethodId MUST be null when a [*charge*](#glossary:charge) is not related to a data generator-calculated split cost allocation.
  * AllocatedMethodId MUST NOT be null when a *charge* is related to a data generator-calculated split cost allocation.

> * Service provider documentation of a split cost allocation method MUST make reference to a single AllocatedMethodId value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Data generator documentation of a split cost allocation method MUST make reference to a single AllocatedMethodId value.
```
